Josh and I hated our new house. Sure, it was big. It looked like a mansion compared to our old house. It was a tall
redbrick house with a sloping black roof and rows of windows framed by black shutters. It’s so dark, I thought, studying
it from the street. The whole house was covered in darkness, as if it were hiding in the shadows of the gnarled, old
trees that bent over it. It was the middle of July, but dead brown leaves blanketed the front yard. Our sneakers
crunched over them as we trudged up the gravel driveway. Tall weeds poked up everywhere through the dead leaves. Thick
clumps of weeds had completely overgrown an old flower bed beside the front porch. This house is creepy, I thought
unhappily. Josh must have been thinking the same thing. Looking up at the old house, we both groaned loudly. Mr. Dawes,
the friendly young man from the local real estate office, stopped near the front walk and turned around. “Everything
okay?” he asked, staring first at Josh, then at me, with his crinkly blue eyes. “Josh and Amanda aren’t happy about
moving,” Dad explained, tucking his shirttail in. Dad is a little overweight, and his shirts always seem to be coming
untucked. “It’s hard for kids,” my mother added, smiling at Mr. Dawes, her hands shoved into her jeans pockets as she
continued up to the front door. “You know. Leaving all of their friends behind. Moving to a strange new place.” “Strange
is right,” Josh said, shaking his head. “This house is gross.” Mr. Dawes chuckled. “It’s an old house, that’s for sure,”
he said, patting Josh on the shoulder. “It just needs some work, Josh,” Dad said, smiling at Mr. Dawes. “No one has
lived in it for a while, so it’ll take some fixing up.” “Look how big it is,” Mom added, smoothing back her straight
black hair and smiling at Josh. “We’ll have room for a den and maybe a rec room, too. You’d like that—wouldn’t you,
Amanda?” I shrugged. A cold breeze made me shiver. It was actually a beautiful, hot summer day. But the closer we got to
the house, the colder I felt. I guessed it was because of all the tall, old trees. I was wearing white tennis shorts and
a sleeveless blue T-shirt. It had been hot in the car. But now I was freezing. Maybe it’ll be warmer in the house, I
thought. “How old are they?” Mr. Dawes asked Mom, stepping onto the front porch. “Amanda is twelve,” Mom answered. “And
Josh turned eleven last month.” “They look so much alike,” Mr. Dawes told Mom. I couldn’t decide if that was a
compliment or not. I guess it’s true. Josh and I are both tall and thin and have curly brown hair like Dad’s, and dark
brown eyes. Everyone says we have “serious” faces. “I really want to go home,” Josh said, his voice cracking. “I hate
this place.” My brother is the most impatient kid in the world. And when he makes up his mind about something, that’s
it. He’s a little spoiled. At least, I think so. Whenever he makes a big fuss about something, he usually gets his way.
We may look alike, but we’re really not that similar. I’m a lot more patient than Josh is. A lot more sensible. Probably
because I’m older and because I’m a girl. Josh had hold of Dad’s hand and was trying to pull him back to the car. “Let’s
go. Come on, Dad. Let’s go.” I knew this was one time Josh wouldn’t get his way. We were moving to this house. No doubt
about it. After all, the house was absolutely free. A great-uncle of Dad’s, a man we didn’t even know, had died and left
the house to Dad in his will. I’ll never forget the look on Dad’s face when he got the letter from the lawyer. He let
out a loud whoop and began dancing around the living room. Josh and I thought he’d flipped or something. “My Great-Uncle
Charles has left us a house in his will,” Dad explained, reading and rereading the letter. “It’s in a town called Dark
Falls.” “Huh?” Josh and I cried. “Where’s Dark Falls?” Dad shrugged. “I don’t remember your Uncle Charles,” Mom said,
moving behind Dad to read the letter over his shoulder. “Neither do I,” admitted Dad. “But he must’ve been a great guy!
Wow! This sounds like an incredible house!” He grabbed Mom’s hands and began dancing happily with her across the living
room. Dad sure was excited. He’d been looking for an excuse to quit his boring office job and devote all of his time to
his writing career. This house—absolutely free—would be just the excuse he needed. And now, a week later, here we were
in Dark Falls, a four-hour drive from our home, seeing our new house for the first time. We hadn’t even gone inside, and
Josh was trying to drag Dad back to the car. “Josh—stop pulling me,” Dad snapped impatiently, trying to tug his hand out
of Josh’s grasp. Dad glanced helplessly at Mr. Dawes. I could see that he was embarrassed by how Josh was carrying on. I
decided maybe I could help. “Let go, Josh,” I said quietly, grabbing Josh by the shoulder. “We promised we’d give Dark
Falls a chance—remember?” “I already gave it a chance,” Josh whined, not letting go of Dad’s hand. “This house is old
and ugly and I hate it.” “You haven’t even gone inside,” Dad said angrily. “Yes. Let’s go in,” Mr. Dawes urged, staring
at Josh. “I’m staying outside,” Josh insisted. He can be really stubborn sometimes. I felt just as unhappy as Josh
looking at this dark, old house. But I’d never carry on the way Josh was. “Josh, don’t you want to pick out your own
room?” Mom asked. “No,” Josh muttered. He and I both glanced up to the second floor. There were two large bay windows
side by side up there. They looked like two dark eyes staring back at us. “How long have you lived in your present
house?” Mr. Dawes asked Dad. Dad had to think for a second. “About fourteen years,” he answered. “The kids have lived
there for their whole lives.” “Moving is always hard,” Mr. Dawes said sympathetically, turning his gaze on me. “You
know, Amanda, I moved here to Dark Falls just a few months ago. I didn’t like it much either, at first. But now I
wouldn’t live anywhere else.” He winked at me. He had a cute dimple in his chin when he smiled. “Let’s go inside. It’s
really quite nice. You’ll be surprised.” All of us followed Mr. Dawes, except Josh. “Are there other kids on this
block?” Josh demanded. He made it sound more like a challenge than a question. Mr. Dawes nodded. “The school’s just two
blocks away,” he said, pointing up the street. “See?” Mom quickly cut in. “A short walk to school. No more long bus
rides every morning.” “I liked the bus,” Josh insisted. His mind was made up. He wasn’t going to give my parents a
break, even though we’d both promised to be open-minded about this move. I don’t know what Josh thought he had to gain
by being such a pain. I mean, Dad already had plenty to worry about. For one thing, he hadn’t been able to sell our old
house yet. I didn’t like the idea of moving. But I knew that inheriting this big house was a great opportunity for us.
We were so cramped in our little house. And once Dad managed to sell the old place, we wouldn’t have to worry at all
about money anymore. Josh should at least give it a chance. That’s what I thought. Suddenly, from our car at the foot of
the driveway, we heard Petey barking and howling and making a fuss. Petey is our dog, a white, curly-haired terrier,
cute as a button, and usually well-behaved. He never minded being left in the car. But now he was yowling and yapping at
full volume and scratching at the car window, desperate to get out. “Petey—quiet! Quiet!” I shouted. Petey usually
listened to me. But not this time. “I’m going to let him out!” Josh declared, and took off down the driveway toward the
car. “No. Wait—” Dad called. But I don’t think Josh could hear him over Petey’s wails. “Might as well let the dog
explore,” Mr. Dawes said. “It’s going to be his house, too.” A few seconds later, Petey came charging across the lawn,
kicking up brown leaves, yipping excitedly as he ran up to us. He jumped on all of us as if he hadn’t seen us in weeks
and then, to our surprise, he started growling menacingly and barking at Mr. Dawes. “Petey—stop!” Mom yelled. “He’s
never done this,” Dad said apologetically. “Really. He’s usually very friendly.” “He probably smells something on me.
Another dog, maybe,” Mr. Dawes said, loosening his striped tie, looking warily at our growling dog. Finally, Josh
grabbed Petey around the middle and lifted him away from Mr. Dawes. “Stop it, Petey,” Josh scolded, holding the dog up
close to his face so that they were nose-to-nose. “Mr. Dawes is our friend.” Petey whimpered and licked Josh’s face.
After a short while, Josh set him back down on the ground. Petey looked up at Mr. Dawes, then at me, then decided to go
sniffing around the yard, letting his nose lead the way. “Let’s go inside,” Mr. Dawes urged, moving a hand through his
short blond hair. He unlocked the front door and pushed it open. Mr. Dawes held the screen door open for us. I started
to follow my parents into the house. “I’ll stay out here with Petey,” Josh insisted from the walk. Dad started to
protest, but changed his mind. “Okay. Fine,” he said, sighing and shaking his head. “I’m not going to argue with you.
Don’t come in. You can live outside if you want.” He sounded really exasperated. “I want to stay with Petey,” Josh said
again, watching Petey nose his way through the dead flower bed. Mr. Dawes followed us into the hallway, gently closing
the screen door behind him, giving Josh a final glance. “He’ll be fine,” he said softly, smiling at Mom. “He can be so
stubborn sometimes,” Mom said apologetically. She peeked into the living room. “I’m really sorry about Petey. I don’t
know what got into that dog.” “No problem. Let’s start in the living room,” Mr. Dawes said, leading the way. “I think
you’ll be pleasantly surprised by how spacious it is. Of course, it needs work.” He took us on a tour of every room in
the house. I was beginning to get excited. The house was really kind of neat. There were so many rooms and so many
closets. And my room was huge and had its own bathroom and an old-fashioned window seat where I could sit at the window
and look down at the street. I wished Josh had come inside with us. If he could see how great the house was inside, I
knew he’d start to cheer up. I couldn’t believe how many rooms there were. Even a finished attic filled with old
furniture and stacks of old, mysterious cartons we could explore. We must have been inside for at least half an hour. I
didn’t really keep track of the time. I think all three of us were feeling cheered up. “Well, I think I’ve shown you
everything,” Mr. Dawes said, glancing at his watch. He led the way to the front door. “Wait—I want to take one more look
at my room,” I told them excitedly. I started up the stairs, taking them two at a time. “I’ll be down in a second.”
“Hurry, dear. I’m sure Mr. Dawes has other appointments,” Mom called after me. I reached the second-floor landing and
hurried down the narrow hallway and into my new room. “Wow!” I said aloud, and the word echoed faintly against the empty
walls. It was so big. And I loved the bay window with the window seat. I walked over to it and peered out. Through the
trees, I could see our car in the driveway and, beyond it, a house that looked a lot like ours across the street. I’m
going to put my bed against that wall across from the window, I thought happily. And my desk can go over there. I’ll
have room for a computer now! I took one more look at my closet, a long, walk-in closet with a light in the ceiling, and
wide shelves against the back wall. I was heading to the door, thinking about which of my posters I wanted to bring with
me, when I saw the boy. He stood in the doorway for just a second. And then he turned and disappeared down the hall.
“Josh?” I cried. “Hey—come look!” With a shock, I realized it wasn’t Josh. For one thing, the boy had blond hair. “Hey!”
I called and ran to the hallway, stopping just outside my bedroom door, looking both ways. “Who’s here?” But the long
hall was empty. All of the doors were closed. “Whoa, Amanda,” I said aloud. Was I seeing things? Mom and Dad were
calling from downstairs. I took one last look down the dark corridor, then hurried to rejoin them. “Hey, Mr. Dawes,” I
called as I ran down the stairs, “is this house haunted?” He chuckled. The question seemed to strike him funny. “No.
Sorry,” he said, looking at me with those crinkly blue eyes. “No ghost included. A lot of old houses around here are
said to be haunted. But I’m afraid this isn’t one of them.” “I—I thought I saw something,” I said, feeling a little
foolish. “Probably just shadows,” Mom said. “With all the trees, this house is so dark.” “Why don’t you run outside and
tell Josh about the house,” Dad suggested, tucking in the front of his shirt. “Your Mom and I have some things to talk
over with Mr. Dawes.” “Yes, master,” I said with a little bow, and obediently ran out to tell Josh all about what he had
missed. “Hey, Josh,” I called, eagerly searching the yard. “Josh?” My heart sank. Josh and Petey were gone.