11

11 Several days went by. Josh and I were getting used to our new house and our new friends. The kids we met every day at
the playground weren’t exactly friends yet. They talked with Josh and me, and let us on their teams. But it was really
hard to get to know them. In my room, I kept hearing whispers late at night, and soft giggling, but I forced myself to
ignore it. One night, I thought I saw a girl dressed all in white at the end of the upstairs hall. But when I walked
over to investigate, there was just a pile of dirty sheets and other bedclothes against the wall. Josh and I were
adjusting, but Petey was still acting really strange. We took him with us to the playground every day, but we had to
leash him to the fence. Otherwise, he’d bark and snap at all the kids. “He’s still nervous being in a new place,” I told
Josh. “He’ll calm down.” But Petey didn’t calm down. And about two weeks later, we were finishing up a softball game
with Ray, and Karen Somerset, and Jerry Franklin, and George Carpenter, and a bunch of other kids, when I looked over to
the fence and saw that Petey was gone. Somehow he had broken out of his leash and run away. We looked for hours, calling
“Petey!” wandering from block to block, searching front yards and backyards, empty lots and woods. Then, after circling
the neighborhood twice, Josh and I suddenly realized we had no idea where we were. The streets of Dark Falls looked the
same. They were all lined with sprawling old brick or shingle houses, all filled with shady old trees. “I don’t believe
it. We’re lost,” Josh said, leaning against a tree trunk, trying to catch his breath. “That stupid dog,” I muttered, my
eyes searching up the street. “Why did he do this? He’s never run away before.” “I don’t know how he got loose,” Josh
said, shaking his head, then wiping his sweaty forehead with the sleeve of his T-shirt. “I tied him up really well.”
“Hey—maybe he ran home,” I said. The idea immediately cheered me up. “Yeah!” Josh stepped away from the tree and headed
back over to me. “I’ll bet you’re right, Amanda. He’s probably been home for hours. Wow. We’ve been stupid. We should’ve
checked home first. Let’s go!” “Well,” I said, looking around at the empty yards, “we just have to figure out which way
is home.” I looked up and down the street, trying to figure out which way we’d turned when we left the school
playground. I couldn’t remember, so we just started walking. Luckily, as we reached the next corner, the school came
into sight. We had made a full circle. It was easy to find our way from there. Passing the playground, I stared at the
spot on the fence where Petey had been tied. That troublemaking dog. He’d been acting so badly ever since we came to
Dark Falls. Would he be home when we got there? I hoped so. A few minutes later, Josh and I were running up the gravel
driveway, calling the dog’s name at the top of our lungs. The front door burst open and Mom, her hair tied in a red
bandanna, the knees of her jeans covered with dust, leaned out. She and Dad had been painting the back porch. “Where
have you two been? Lunchtime was two hours ago!” Josh and I both answered at the same time. “Is Petey here?” “We’ve been
looking for Petey!” “Is he here?” Mom’s face filled with confusion. “Petey? I thought he was with you.” My heart sank.
Josh slumped to the driveway with a loud sigh, sprawling flat on his back in the gravel and leaves. “You haven’t seen
him?” I asked, my trembling voice showing my disappointment. “He was with us. But he ran away.” “Oh. I’m sorry,” Mom
said, motioning for Josh to get up from the driveway. “He ran away? I thought you’ve been keeping him on a leash.”
“You’ve got to help us find him,” Josh pleaded, not budging from the ground. “Get the car. We’ve got to find him—right
now!” “I’m sure he hasn’t gotten far,” Mom said. “You must be starving. Come in and have some lunch and then we’ll—”
“No. Right now!” Josh screamed. “What’s going on?” Dad, his face and hair covered with tiny flecks of white paint,
joined Mom on the front porch. “Josh—what’s all the yelling?” We explained to Dad what had happened. He said he was too
busy to drive around looking for Petey. Mom said she’d do it, but only after we had some lunch. I pulled Josh up by both
arms and dragged him into the house. We washed up and gulped down some peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Then Mom took
the car out of the garage, and we drove around and around the neighborhood searching for our lost pet. With no luck. No
sign of him. Josh and I were miserable. Heartbroken. Mom and Dad called the local police. Dad kept saying that Petey had
a good sense of direction, that he’d show up any minute. But we didn’t really believe it. Where was he? The four of us
ate dinner in silence. It was the longest, most horrible evening of my life. “I tied him up really good,” Josh repeated,
close to tears, his dinner plate still full. “Dogs are great escape artists,” Dad said, “Don’t worry. He’ll show up.”
“Some night for a party,” Mom said glumly. I’d completely forgotten that they were going out. Some neighbors on the next
block had invited them to a big potluck dinner party. “I sure don’t feel like partying, either,” Dad said with a sigh.
“I’m beat from painting all day. But I guess we have to be neighborly. Sure you kids will be okay here?” “Yeah, I
guess,” I said, thinking about Petey. I kept listening for his bark, listening for scratching at the door. But no. The
hours dragged by. Petey still hadn’t shown up by bedtime. Josh and I both slinked upstairs. I felt really tired, weary
from all the worrying, and the running around and searching for Petey, I guess. But I knew I’d never be able to get to
sleep. In the hall outside my bedroom door, I heard whispering from inside my room and quiet footsteps. The usual sounds
my room made. I wasn’t at all scared of them or surprised by them anymore. Without hesitating, I stepped into my room
and clicked on the light. The room was empty, as I knew it would be. The mysterious sounds disappeared. I glanced at the
curtains, which lay straight and still. Then I saw the clothes strewn all over my bed. Several pairs of jeans. Several
T-shirts. A couple of sweatshirts. My only dress-up skirt. That’s strange, I thought. Mom was such a neat freak. If she
had washed these things, she surely would have hung them up or put them into dresser drawers. Sighing wearily, I started
to gather up the clothes and put them away. I figured that Mom simply had too much to do to be bothered. She had
probably washed the stuff and then left it here for me to put away. Or she had put it all down, planning to come back
later and put it away, and then got busy with other chores. Half an hour later, I was tucked into my bed wide awake,
staring at the shadows on the ceiling. Sometime after that—I lost track of the time—I was still wide awake, still
thinking about Petey, thinking about the new kids I’d met, thinking about the new neighborhood, when I heard my bedroom
door creak and swing open. Footsteps on the creaking floorboards. I sat up in the darkness as someone crept into my
room. “Amanda—ssshh—it’s me.” Alarmed, it took me a few seconds to recognize the hushed whisper. “Josh! What do you
want? What are you doing in here?” I gasped as a blinding light forced me to cover my eyes. “Oops. Sorry,” Josh said.
“My flashlight. I didn’t mean to—” “Ow, that’s bright,” I said, blinking. He aimed the powerful beam of white light up
at the ceiling. “Yeah. It’s a halogen flashlight,” he said. “Well, what do you want?” I asked irritably. I still
couldn’t see well. I rubbed my eyes, but it didn’t help. “I know where Petey is,” Josh whispered, “and I’m going to go
get him. Come with me?” “Huh?” I looked at the little clock on my bed table. “It’s after midnight, Josh.” “So? It won’t
take long. Really.” My eyes were nearly normal by now. Staring at Josh in the light from the halogen flashlight, I
noticed for the first time that he was fully dressed in jeans and a long-sleeved T-shirt. “I don’t get it, Josh,” I
said, swinging around and putting my feet on the floor. “We looked everywhere. Where do you think Petey is?” “In the
cemetery,” Josh answered. His eyes looked big and dark and serious in the white light. “Huh?” “That’s where he ran the
first time, remember? When we first came to Dark Falls? He ran to that cemetery just past the school.” “Now, wait a
minute—” I started. “We drove past it this afternoon, but we didn’t look inside. He’s there, Amanda. I know he is. And
I’m going to go get him whether you come or not.” “Josh, calm down,” I said, putting my hands on his narrow shoulders. I
was surprised to discover that he was trembling. “There’s no reason for Petey to be in that cemetery.” “That’s where he
went the first time,” Josh insisted. “He was looking for something there that day. I could tell. I know he’s there
again, Amanda.” He pulled away from me. “Are you coming or not?” My brother has to be the stubbornest, most headstrong
person in the world. “Josh, you’re really going to walk into a strange cemetery so late at night?” I asked. “I’m not
afraid,” he said, shining the bright light around my room. For a brief second, I thought the light caught someone,
lurking behind the curtains. I opened my mouth to cry out. But there was no one there. “You coming or not?” he repeated
impatiently. I was going to say no. But then, glancing at the curtains, I thought, it’s probably no spookier out there
in that cemetery than it is here in my own bedroom! “Yeah. Okay,” I said grudgingly. “Get out of here and let me get
dressed.” “Okay,” he whispered, turning off the flashlight, plunging us into blackness. “Meet me down at the end of the
driveway.” “Josh—one quick look at the cemetery, then we hurry home. Got it?” I told him. “Yeah. Right. We’ll be home
before Mom and Dad get back from that party.” He crept out. I could hear him making his way quickly down the stairs.
This is the craziest idea ever, I told myself as I searched in the darkness for some clothes to pull on. And it was also
kind of exciting. Josh was wrong. No doubt about it. Petey wouldn’t be hanging around in that cemetery now. Why on earth
should he? But at least it wasn’t a long walk. And it was an adventure. Something to write about to Kathy back home. And
if Josh happened to be right, and we did manage to find poor, lost Petey, well, that would be great, too. A few minutes
later, dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt, I crept out of the house and joined Josh at the bottom of the driveway. The
night was still warm. A heavy blanket of clouds covered the moon. I realized for the first time that there were no
streetlights on our block. Josh had the halogen flashlight on, aimed down at our feet. “You ready?” he asked. Dumb
question. Would I be standing there if I weren’t ready? We crunched over dead leaves as we headed up the block, toward
the school. From there, it was just two blocks to the cemetery. “It’s so dark,” I whispered. The houses were black and
silent. There was no breeze at all. It was as if we were all alone in the world. “It’s too quiet,” I said, hurrying to
keep up with Josh. “No crickets or anything. Are you sure you really want to go to the cemetery?” “I’m sure,” he said,
his eyes following the circle of light from the flashlight as it bumped over the ground. “I really think Petey is
there.” We walked in the street, keeping close to the curb. We had gone nearly two blocks. The school was just coming
into sight on the next block when we heard the scraping steps behind us on the pavement. Josh and I both stopped. He
lowered the light. We both heard the sounds. I wasn’t imagining them. Someone was following us.