“Kids—it’s okay!” Dr. Brewer called. He bent down quickly, picked up the baseball cap, and replaced it on his head. A
crow flew low overhead, cawing loudly. Margaret raised her eyes to follow the bird, but the sight of the hideous leaves
sprouting from her father’s head wouldn’t go away. Her whole head began to itch as she imagined what it must feel like
to have leaves uncurling from your scalp. “It’s okay. Really,” Dr. Brewer repeated, hurrying over to them. “But,
Dad—your head,” Casey stammered. He suddenly looked very pale. Margaret felt sick. She kept swallowing hard, trying to
ride out the waves of nausea. “Come here, you two,” their father said softly, putting an arm around each of their
shoulders. “Let’s sit down in the shade over there and have a talk. I spoke to your mom on the phone this morning. She
told me you’re upset about my work.” “Your head—it’s all green!” Casey repeated. “I know,” Dr. Brewer said, smiling.
“That’s why I put on the cap. I didn’t want you two to worry.” He led them to the shade of the tall hedges that ran
along the garage, and they sat down on the grass. “I guess you two think your dad has gotten pretty weird, huh?” He
stared into Margaret’s eyes. Feeling uncomfortable, she looked away. Cawing frantically, the crow flew over again,
heading in the other direction. “Margaret, you haven’t said a word,” her father said, squeezing her hand tenderly
between his. “What’s wrong? What do you want to say to me?” Margaret sighed and still avoided her father’s glance. “Come
on. Tell us. Why do you have leaves growing out of your head?” she asked bluntly. “It’s a side effect,” he told her,
continuing to hold her hand. “It’s only temporary. It’ll go away soon and my hair will grow back.” “But how did it
happen?” Casey asked, staring at his father’s Dodgers cap. A few green leaves poked out from under the brim. “Maybe you
two would feel better if I explained what I’m trying to do down in the basement,” Dr. Brewer said, shifting his weight
and leaning back on his hands. “I’ve been so wrapped up in my experiments, I haven’t had much time to talk to you.” “You
haven’t had any time,” Margaret corrected him. “I’m sorry,” he said, lowering his eyes. “I really am. But this work I’m
doing is so exciting and so difficult.” “Did you discover a new kind of plant?” Casey asked, crossing his legs beneath
him. “No, I’m trying to build a new kind of plant,” Dr. Brewer explained. “Huh?” Casey exclaimed. “Have you ever talked
about DNA in school?” their father asked. They shook their heads. “Well, it’s pretty complicated,” he continued. Dr.
Brewer thought for a moment. “Let me try and put it in simple terms,” he said, fiddling with the bandage around his
hand. “Let’s say we took a person who had a very high IQ. You know. Real brain power.” “Like me,” Casey interrupted.
“Casey, shut up,” Margaret said edgily. “A real brain. Like Casey,” Dr. Brewer said agreeably. “And let’s say we were
able to isolate the molecule or gene or tiny part of a gene that enabled the person to have such high intelligence. And
then let’s say we were able to transmit it into other brains. And then this brain power could be passed along from
generation to generation. And lots of people would have a high IQ. Do you understand?” He looked first at Casey, then at
Margaret. “Yeah. Kind of,” Margaret said. “You take a good quality from one person and put it into other people. And
then they have the good quality, too, and they pass it on to their children, and on and on.” “Very good,” Dr. Brewer
said, smiling for the first time in weeks. “That’s what a lot of botanists do with plants. They try to take the
fruit-bearing building block from one plant and put it into another. Create a new plant that will bear five times as
much fruit, or five times as much grain, or vegetables.” “And that’s what you’re doing?” Casey asked. “Not exactly,”
their father said, lowering his voice. “I’m doing something a little more unusual. I really don’t want to go into detail
now. But I’ll tell you that what I’m trying to do is build a kind of plant that has never existed and could never exist.
I’m trying to build a plant that’s part animal.” Casey and Margaret stared at their father in surprise. Margaret was the
first to speak. “You mean you’re taking cells from an animal and putting them into a plant?” He nodded. “I really don’t
want to say more. You two understand why this must be kept secret.” He turned his eyes on Margaret, then Casey, studying
their reactions. “How do you do it?” Margaret asked, thinking hard about everything he had just told them. “How do you
get these cells from the animals to the plant?” “I’m trying to do it by breaking them down electronically,” he answered.
“I have two glass booths connected by a powerful electron generator. You may have seen them when you were snooping
around down there.” He made a sour face. “Yeah. They look like phone booths,” Casey said. “One booth is a sender, and
one is a receiver,” he explained. “I’m trying to send the right DNA, the right building blocks, from one booth to the
other. It’s very delicate work.” “And have you done it?” Margaret asked. “I’ve come very close,” Dr. Brewer said, a
pleased smile crossing his face. The smile lasted only a few seconds. Then, his expression thoughtful, he abruptly
climbed to his feet. “Got to get back to work,” he said quietly. “See you two later.” He started walking across the
lawn, taking long strides. “But, Dad,” Margaret called after him. She and Casey climbed to their feet, too. “Your head.
The leaves. You didn’t explain it,” she said as she and her brother hurried to catch up to him. Dr. Brewer shrugged.
“Nothing to explain,” he said curtly. “Just a side effect.” He adjusted his Dodgers cap. “Don’t worry about it. It’s
only temporary. Just a side effect.” Then he hurried into the house. Casey seemed really pleased by their dad’s
explanation of what was going on in the basement. “Dad’s doing really important work,” he said, with unusual
seriousness. But, as Margaret made her way into the house, she found herself troubled by what her dad had said. And even
more troubled by what he hadn’t said. Margaret closed the door to her room and lay down on the bed to think about
things. Her father hadn’t really explained the leaves growing on his head. “Just a side effect” didn’t explain much at
all. A side effect from what? What actually caused it? What made his hair fall out? When will his hair grow back? It was
obvious that he hadn’t wanted to discuss it with them. He had certainly hurried back to his basement after telling them
it was just a side effect. A side effect. It made Margaret feel sick every time she thought about it. What must it feel
like? Green leaves pushing up from your pores, uncurling against your head. Yuck. Thinking about it made her itch all
over. She knew she’d have hideous dreams tonight. She grabbed her pillow and hugged it over her stomach, wrapping her
arms tightly around it. There were lots of other questions Casey and I should have asked, she decided. Like, why were
the plants moaning down there? Why did some of them sound like they were breathing? Why did that plant grab Casey? What
animal was Dad using? Lots of questions. Not to mention the one Margaret wanted to ask most of all: Why were you gulping
down that disgusting plant food? But she couldn’t ask that one. She couldn’t let her dad know she’d been spying on him.
She and Casey hadn’t really asked any of the questions they’d wanted answered. They were just so pleased that their
father had decided to sit down and talk with them, even for a few minutes. His explanation was really interesting, as
far as it went, Margaret decided. And it was good to know that he was close to doing something truly amazing, something
that would make him really famous. But what about the rest of it? A frightening thought entered her mind: Could he have
been lying to them? No, she quickly decided. No. Dad wouldn’t lie to us. There are just some questions he hasn’t
answered yet. She was still thinking about all of these questions late that night—after dinner, after talking to Diane
on the phone for an hour, after homework, after watching a little TV, after going to bed. And she was still puzzling
over them. When she heard her father’s soft footsteps coming up the carpeted stairs, she sat up in bed. A soft breeze
fluttered the curtains across the room. She listened to her father’s footsteps pass her room, heard him go into the
bathroom, heard the water begin to run into the sink. I’ve got to ask him, she decided. Glancing at the clock, she saw
that it was two-thirty in the morning. But she realized she was wide awake. I’ve got to ask him about the plant food.
Otherwise, it will drive me crazy. I’ll think about it and think about it and think about it. Every time I see him, I’ll
picture him standing over the sink, shoving handful after handful into his mouth. There’s got to be a simple
explanation, she told herself, climbing out of bed. There’s got to be a logical explanation. And I have to know it. She
padded softly down the hall, a sliver of light escaping through the bathroom door, which was slightly ajar. Water still
ran into the sink. She heard him cough, then heard him adjust the water. I have to know the answer, she thought. I’ll
just ask him point-blank. She stepped into the narrow triangle of light and peered into the bathroom. He was standing at
the sink, leaning over it, his chest bare, his shirt tossed behind him on the floor. He had put the baseball cap on the
closed toilet lid, and the leaves covering his head shone brightly under the bathroom light. Margaret held her breath.
The leaves were so green, so thick. He didn’t notice her. He was concentrating on the bandage on his hand. Using a small
scissors, he cut the bandage, then pulled it off. The hand was still bleeding, Margaret saw. Or was it? What was that
dripping from the cut on her father’s hand? Still holding her breath, she watched him wash it off carefully under the
hot water. Then he examined it, his eyes narrowed in concentration. After washing, the cut continued to bleed. Margaret
stared hard, trying to better focus her eyes. It couldn’t be blood—could it? It couldn’t be blood dripping into the
sink. It was bright green! She gasped and started to run back to her room. The floor creaked under her footsteps. “Who’s
there?” Dr. Brewer cried. “Margaret? Casey?” He poked his head into the hallway as Margaret disappeared back into her
room. He saw me, she realized, leaping into bed. He saw me—and now he’s coming after me.