index split 006

6  “Okay,” Evan said. “Let’s check out the town.”“I have to go to a toy store and look for a present for my cousin,”
Andy said, hoisting her bike up by the handlebars.“How old are you?” Evan asked, tugging Trigger toward the
street.“Twelve.”“Me, too,” he said. “Can I try your bike?”She shook her head as she climbed onto the narrow seat. “No,
but I’ll let you run alongside.” She laughed.“You’re a riot,” he said sarcastically, hurrying to keep up as she began to
pedal.“And you’re stupid,” she called back playfully.“Hey, Annnndreeeea—wait up!” he called, stretching the name out to
annoy her.A few blocks later, the houses ended and they entered town, a three-block stretch of low two-story shops and
offices. Evan saw a small brick post office, a barbershop with an old-fashioned barber pole out front, a grocery, a
drive-through bank, and a hardware store with a large sign in the window proclaiming a sale on birdseed.“The toy store
is in the next block,” Andy said, walking her bike along the sidewalk. Evan tugged Trigger’s leash, encouraging him to
keep up the pace. “Actually there are two toy stores, an old one and a new one. I like the old one best.”“Let’s check it
out,” Evan said, examining the cluttered window display of the video store on the corner.I wonder if Aunt Kathryn has a
VCR, he thought. He quickly dismissed the idea. No way….The toy store was in an old clapboard building that hadn’t been
painted in many years. A small, hand-painted sign in the dust-smeared window proclaimed: Wagner’s Novelties & Sundries.
There were no toys on display.Andy leaned her bike against the front of the building. “Sometimes the owner can be a
little mean. I don’t know if he’ll let you bring your dog in.”“Well, let’s give it a try,” Evan said, pulling open the
door. Tugging hard on his leash, Trigger led the way into the store.Evan found himself in a dark, low-ceilinged, narrow
room. It took awhile for his eyes to adjust to the dim light.Wagner’s looked more like a warehouse than a store. There
were floor-to-ceiling shelves against both walls, jammed with boxes of toys, and a long display counter that ran through
the center of the store, leaving narrow aisles that even someone as skinny as Evan had to squeeze through.At the front
of the store, slumped on a tall stool behind an old-fashioned wooden cash register, sat a grumpy-looking man with a
single tuft of white hair in the center of a red, bald head. He had a drooping white mustache that seemed to frown at
Evan and Andy as they entered.“Hi,” Andy said timidly, giving the man a wave.He grunted in reply and turned back to the
newspaper he was reading.Trigger sniffed the low shelves excitedly. Evan looked around at the stacks of toys. It
appeared from the thick layer of dust that they’d been sitting there for a hundred years. Everything seemed tossed
together, dolls next to building sets, art supplies mixed in with old action figures Evan didn’t even recognize, a toy
drum set underneath a pile of footballs.He and Andy were the only customers in the store.“Do they have Nintendo games?”
Evan asked her, whispering, afraid to break the still silence.“I don’t think so,” Andy whispered back. “I’ll ask.” She
shouted up to the front, “Do you have Nintendo games?”It took awhile for the man to answer. He scratched his ear. “Don’t
carry them,” he grunted finally, sounding annoyed by the interruption.Andy and Evan wandered toward the back of the
store. “Why do you like this place?” Evan whispered, picking up an old cap pistol with a cowboy holster.“I just think
it’s neat,” Andy replied. “You can find some real treasures here. It’s not like other toy stores.”“That’s for sure,”
Evan said sarcastically. “Hey—look!” He picked up a lunchbox with a cowboy dressed in black emblazoned on its side.
“Hopalong Cassidy,” he read. “Who’s Hopalong Cassidy?”“A cowboy with a stupid name,” Andy said, taking the old lunchbox
from him and examining it. “Look—it’s made of metal, not plastic. Wonder if my cousin would like it. He likes stupid
names, too.”“It’s a pretty weird present,” Evan said.“He’s a pretty weird cousin,” Andy cracked. “Hey, look at this.”
She set down the old lunchbox and picked up an enormous box. “It’s a magic set. ‘Astound your friends. Perform one
hundred amazing tricks,’” she read.“That’s a lot of amazing tricks,” Evan said.He wandered farther back into the gently
lit store, Trigger leading the way, sniffing furiously. “Hey—” To Evan’s surprise, a narrow doorway led into a small
back room.This room, Evan saw, was even darker and dustier. Stepping inside, he saw worn-looking stuffed animals tossed
into cartons, games in faded, yellowed boxes, baseball gloves with the leather worn thin and cracked.Who would want this
junk? he thought.He was about to leave when something caught his eye. It was a blue can, about the size of a can of
soup. He picked it up, surprised by how heavy it was.Bringing it close to his face to examine it in the dim light, he
read the faded label: Monster Blood. Below that, in smaller type, it read: Surprising Miracle Substance.Hey, this looks
cool, he thought, turning the can around in his hand.He suddenly remembered the ten dollars his mother had stuffed into
his shirt pocket.He turned to see the store owner standing in the doorway, his dark eyes wide with anger. “What are you
doing back here?” he bellowed.