The substance inside the can was bright green. It shimmered like Jell-O in the light from the ceiling fixture.“Touch
it,” Andy said.But before Evan had a chance, she reached a finger in and poked it. “It’s cold,” she said. “Touch it.
It’s really cold.”Evan poked it with his finger. It was cold, thicker than Jell-O, heavier.He pushed his finger beneath
the surface. When he pulled his finger out, it made a loud sucking noise.“Gross,” Andy said.Evan shrugged. “I’ve seen
worse.”“I’ll bet it glows in the dark,” Andy said, hurrying over to the light switch by the door. “It looks like the
green that glows in the dark.”She turned off the ceiling light, but late afternoon sunlight still poured in through the
window curtains. “Try the closet,” she instructed excitedly.Evan carried the can into the closet. Andy followed and
closed the door. “Yuck. Mothballs,” she cried. “I can’t breathe.”The Monster Blood definitely glowed in the dark. A
circular ray of green light seemed to shine from the can.“Wow. That’s way cool,” Andy said, holding her nose to keep out
the pungent aroma of the mothballs.“I’ve had other stuff that did this,” Evan said, more than a little disappointed. “It
was called Alien Stuff or Yucky Glop, something like that.”“Well, if you don’t want it, I’ll take it,” Andy replied.“I
didn’t say I didn’t want it,” Evan said quickly.“Let’s get out of here,” Andy begged.Evan pushed open the door and they
rushed out of the closet, slamming the door shut behind them. Both of them sucked in fresh air for a few seconds.“Whew,
I hate that smell!” Evan declared. He looked around to see that Andy had taken a handful of Monster Blood from the
can.She squeezed it in her palm. “It feels even colder outside the can,” she said, grinning at him. “Look. When you
squeeze it flat, it pops right back.”“Yeah. It probably bounces, too,” Evan said, unimpressed. “Try bouncing it against
the floor. All those things bounce like rubber.”Andy rolled the glob of Monster Blood into a ball and dropped it to the
floor. It bounced back up into her hand. She bounced it a little harder. This time it rebounded against the wall and
went flying out the bedroom door.“It bounces really well,” she said, chasing it out into the hall. “Let’s see if it
stretches.” She grabbed it with both hands and pulled, stretching it into a long string. “Yep. It stretches, too.”“Big
deal,” Evan said. “The stuff I had before bounced and stretched really well, too. I thought this stuff was going to be
different.”“It stays cold, even after it’s been in your hand,” Andy said, returning to the room.Evan glanced at the wall
and noticed a dark, round stain by the floorboard. “Uh-oh. Look, Andy. That stuff stains.”“Let’s take it outside and
toss it around,” she suggested.“Okay,” he agreed. “We’ll go out back. That way, Trigger won’t be so lonely.”Evan held
out the can, and Andy replaced the ball of Monster Blood. Then they headed downstairs and out to the backyard, where
they were greeted by Trigger, who acted as if they’d been away for at least twenty years.The dog finally calmed down,
and sat down in the shade of a tree, panting noisily. “Good boy,” Evan said softly. “Take it easy. Take it easy, old
fella.”Andy reached into the can and pulled out a green glob. Then Evan did the same. They rolled the stuff in their
hands until they had two ball-shaped globs. Then they began to play catch with them.“It’s amazing how they don’t lose
their shape,” Andy said, tossing a green ball high in the air.Evan shielded his eyes from the late afternoon sun and
caught the ball with one hand. “All this stuff is the same,” he said. “It isn’t so special.”“Well, I think it’s cool,”
Andy said defensively.Evan’s next toss was direct to her face. The green ball of gunk sailed over Andy’s outstretched
hands.“Whoa!” Andy cried.“Sorry,” Evan called.They both stared as the ball bounced once, twice, then landed right in
front of Trigger.Startled, the dog jumped to his feet and lowered his nose to sniff it.“No, boy!” Evan called. “Leave it
alone. Leave it alone, boy!”As disobedient as ever, Trigger lowered his head and licked the glowing green ball.“No, boy!
Drop! Drop!” Evan called, alarmed.He and Andy both lunged toward the dog.But they were too slow.Trigger picked up the
ball of Monster Blood in his teeth and began chewing it.“No, Trigger!” Evan shouted. “Don’t swallow it. Don’t
swallow!”Trigger swallowed it.“Oh, no!” Andy cried, balling her hands into fists at her sides. “Now there isn’t enough
left for us to share!”But that wasn’t what was troubling Evan. He bent down and pried apart the dog’s jaws. The green
blob was gone. Swallowed.“Stupid dog,” Evan said softly, releasing the dog’s mouth.He shook his head as troubling
thoughts poured into his mind.What if the stuff makes Trigger sick? Evan wondered.What if the stuff is poison?