It was a cool, clear night. Crickets sent up a relentless curtain of noise. The black sky glittered with tiny specks
of stars.The round beam of light from the flashlight in his hand darted across the driveway, leading Evan to the dark
garage. As he entered, something scuttled across the floor near the back wall.Maybe it was just a dead leaf, blown by
the wind when I opened the door, he thought hopefully.He moved the flashlight unsteadily, beaming it onto the overturned
wheelbarrow. Then the light darted across the garage ceiling as he bent down, reached behind the wheelbarrow, and pulled
out the bucket of Monster Blood.He moved the light to the center of the bucket, and gasped.The green substance was
quivering up over the top.It’s growing much faster than before, he thought.I’ve got to find something bigger to hide it
in—just for tonight.The bucket was too heavy to carry with one hand. Tucking the flashlight into his armpit, he gripped
the bucket handle with both hands and hoisted the bucket off the floor.Struggling to keep from spilling it, he made his
way into the dark house. He paused at the door to the basement steps, silently setting the heavy bucket down on the
linoleum floor.He clicked the light switch on the wall. Somewhere downstairs a dim light flickered on, casting a wash of
pale yellow light over the concrete floor.There’s got to be something to put this stuff in down there, Evan thought.
Hoisting up the bucket, he made his way slowly, carefully down the steep, dark stairway, leaning his shoulder against
the wall to steady himself.Waiting for his eyes to adjust to the pale light, he saw that the basement was one large
room, low-ceilinged and damp. It was cluttered with cartons, stacks of old newspapers and magazines, and old furniture
and appliances covered in stained, yellowed bed sheets.Something brushed his face as he stepped away from the stairs.He
uttered a silent cry and, dropping the bucket, raised his hands to swipe at the thick cobwebs that seemed to reach out
for him. They clung to his skin, dry and scratchy, as he frantically pulled at them.He suddenly realized it wasn’t the
web that was moving against his cheek.It was a spider.With a sharp intake of breath, he brushed it away. But even after
he saw the insect scuttle across the floor, he could still feel its prickly feet moving on his face.Moving quickly away
from the wall, his heart pounding now, his eyes searching the open wooden shelves hidden in shadow against the far wall,
he stumbled over something on the floor.“Oh!” He fell headfirst over it, throwing his hands forward to break his fall.A
human body!Someone lying there under him!No.Calm down, Evan. Calm down, he instructed himself.He pulled himself shakily
to his feet.It was a dressmaker’s dummy he had stumbled over. Probably a model of Kathryn when she was younger.He rolled
it out of the way as his eyes searched the shadowy room for a container to store the Monster Blood. What was that long,
low object in front of the worktable?Moving closer, he saw that it was an old bathtub, the insides stained and peeling.
It’s big enough, he realized, and quickly decided to store the green gunk inside it.With a loud groan, he hoisted the
bucket onto the side of the old tub. His stomach muscles were still sore from the punch he had taken, and the pain shot
through his body.He waited for the aching to fade, then tilted the bucket. The thick green substance rolled out of the
bucket and hit the tub bottom with a sickening soft plop.Evan set the bucket aside and stared down at the Monster Blood,
watching it ooze, spreading thickly over the bottom of the bathtub. To his surprise, the tub appeared nearly half
full.How fast was this stuff growing?!He was leaning over the tub, about to make his way back upstairs, when he heard
the cat screech.Startled, he let go of the side of the tub just as Sarabeth leapt onto his back. Evan didn’t have time
to cry out as he toppled forward, over the edge of the tub and into the thick, green gunk.