Andy?Was Aunt Kathryn accusing Andy?Evan spun around to confront Andy.But Andy turned, too.And Evan realized
immediately that his aunt wasn’t pointing at Andy. She was pointing past Andy to Sarabeth.Standing in the doorway to the
living room, the black cat hissed and arched her back, her yellow eyes flaring at Kathryn.“She did it! She’s the one!”
Kathryn declared, pointing frantically.The enormous glob of green Monster Blood bounced back, retreated a step, as if
stung by Kathryn’s words. Shadows shifted inside the glob as it quivered, catching the light filtering in through the
living room window.Evan stared at the cat, then turned his eyes to Andy. She shrugged, her face frozen in horror and
bewilderment.Aunt Kathryn is crazy, Evan thought sadly.She’s totally lost it.She isn’t making any sense.None of this
makes sense.“She’s the one!” Kathryn repeated.The cat hissed in response.The glob bounced in place, carrying the
unmoving Beymer brothers inside.“Oh—look!” Evan cried to Andy as the black cat suddenly raised up on its hind legs.Andy
gasped and squeezed Evan’s arm. Her hand was as cold as ice.Still hissing, the cat grew like a shadow against the wall.
It raised its claws, swiping the air. Its eyes closed, and it became consumed in darkness.No one moved.The only sounds
Evan could hear were the bubbling of the green glob and the pounding of his own heart.All eyes were on the cat as it
rose up, stretched, and grew. And as it grew, it changed its shape.Became human.With shadowy arms and legs in the eerie
darkness.And then the shadow stepped away from the darkness.And Sarabeth was now a young woman with fiery red hair and
pale skin and yellow eyes, the same yellow cat eyes that had haunted Evan since he’d arrived. The young woman was
dressed in a swirling black gown down to her ankles.She stood blocking the doorway, staring accusingly at Kathryn.“You
see? She’s the one,” Kathryn said, quietly now. And the next words were intended only for Sarabeth: “Your spell over me
is broken. I will do no more work for you.”Sarabeth tossed her red hair behind a black-cloaked shoulder and laughed.
“I’ll decide what you will do, Kathryn.”“No,” Kathryn insisted. “For twenty years, you have used me, Sarabeth. For
twenty years you have imprisoned me here, held me in your spell. But now I will use this Monster Blood to
escape.”Sarabeth laughed again. “There is no escape, fool. All of you must die now. All of you.”