index split 027

27  “All of you must die,” Sarabeth repeated. Her smile revealed that she enjoyed saying those words.Kathryn turned to
Evan, her eyes reflecting her fear. “Twenty years ago, I thought she was my friend. I was all alone here. I thought I
could trust her. But she cast a spell on me. And then another. Her dark magic made me deaf. She refused to let me
lip-read or learn to sign. That was one way she kept me her prisoner.”“But, Aunt Kathryn—” Evan started.She raised a
finger to her lips to silence him.“Sarabeth forced me to cast the spell on the can of Monster Blood. She had warned me
that I was allowed no guests, you see. I was her slave. Her personal servant for all these years. She wanted me all to
herself, to do her evil bidding.“When you arrived,” Kathryn continued, her back still pressed against the fireplace
mantel, “she first decided to scare you away. But that was impossible. You had nowhere to go. Then she became desperate
to get you out of the way. She was terrified that you would learn her secret, that you would somehow free me of her
spell. So Sarabeth decided that you had to die.”Kathryn’s eyes fell. She sighed. “I’m so sorry, Evan. I had no choice,
no will of my own.” She turned her eyes to Sarabeth. “But no more. No more. No more. As I plunge myself into this
ghastly creation, Sarabeth, I will end your spell. I will end your hold over me.”“The children will still die,” Sarabeth
said quietly, coldly.“What?” Kathryn’s eyes filled with fury. “I will be gone, Sarabeth. You can let the children go.
You have no reason to do them harm.”“They know too much,” Sarabeth replied softly, crossing her slender arms in front of
her, her yellow eyes aglow.“We’ve got to get out of here,” Evan whispered to Andy, staring at the seething green
glob.“But how?” Andy whispered back. “Sarabeth is blocking the doorway.”Evan’s eyes darted around the small room,
searching for an escape route.Nothing.Sarabeth raised one hand and drew it toward her slowly, as if summoning the green
glob.It quivered once, twice, then moved obediently in the direction of her hand.“No! Sarabeth—stop!” Kathryn
pleaded.Ignoring Kathryn, Sarabeth gestured with her hand again.The green gunk bubbled and rolled forward.“Kill the
children,” Sarabeth commanded.The enormous glob picked up speed as it rolled across the carpet toward Evan and
Andy.“Let’s rush the door,” Evan suggested to Andy, as they backed up away from the rolling Monster Blood.“She’ll never
let us past,” Andy cried.“Kill the children!” Sarabeth repeated, raising both hands high above her head.“Maybe one of us
can get by her!” Evan cried.“It’s too late!” Andy shrieked.The bouncing, pulsating, green glob was just a few feet
away.“We—we’re going to be sucked in!” Evan screamed.“Kill the children!” Sarabeth screamed triumphantly.