19

19 Swinging the axe onto his shoulder, Dr. Brewer advanced on Margaret and Casey. He groaned from the effort of raising
the heavy tool, his face reddening, and his eyes wide, excited. “Dad, please!” Margaret cried, gripping Casey’s
shoulder, backing up toward the jungle of plants in the center of the room. “What are you doing?” she repeated. “He’s
not our real father!” Casey cried. “I told you we shouldn’t untie him!” “He is our real father!” Margaret insisted. “I
know he is!” She turned her eyes to her father, looking for an answer. But he stared back at them, his face filled with
confusion—and menace, the axe in his hands gleaming under the bright ceiling lights. “Dad—answer us!” Margaret demanded.
“Answer us!” Before Dr. Brewer could reply, they heard loud, rapid footsteps clumping down the basement steps. All four
of them turned to the doorway of the plant room—to see an alarmed-looking Dr. Brewer enter. He grabbed the bill of his
Dodgers cap as he strode angrily toward the two kids. “What are you two doing down here?” he cried. “You promised me.
Here’s your mother. Don’t you want to—?” Mrs. Brewer appeared at his side. She started to call out a greeting, but
stopped, freezing in horror when she saw the confusing scene. “No!” she screamed, seeing the other Dr. Brewer, the
capless Dr. Brewer, holding an axe in front of him with both hands. “No!” Her face filled with horror. She turned to the
Dr. Brewer that had just brought her home. He glared accusingly at Margaret and Casey. “What have you done? You let him
escape?” “He’s our dad,” Margaret said, in a tiny little voice she barely recognized. “I’m your dad!” the Dr. Brewer at
the doorway bellowed. “Not him! He’s not your dad. He’s not even human! He’s a plant!” Margaret and Casey both gasped
and drew back in terror. “You’re the plant!” the bareheaded Dr. Brewer accused, raising the axe. “He’s dangerous!” the
other Dr. Brewer exclaimed. “How could you have let him out?” Caught in the middle, Margaret and Casey stared from one
father to the other. Who was their real father?