EPILOGUE—TREATY

EPILOGUE—TREATY ALMOST EVERYTHING WAS BACK TO NORMAL—THE GOOD, PRE-ZOMBIE normal—in less time than I would have believed
possible. The hospital welcomed Carlisle back with eager arms, not even bothering to conceal their delight that Esme had
found life in L.A. so little to her liking. Thanks to the Calculus test I’d missed while abroad, Alice and Edward were
in better shape to graduate than I was at the moment. Suddenly, college was a priority (college was still plan B, on the
off chance that Edward’s offer swayed me from the post-graduation Carlisle option). Many deadlines had passed me by, but
Edward had a new stack of applications for me to fill out every day. He’d already done the Harvard route, so it didn’t
bother him that, thanks to my procrastination, we might both end up at Peninsula Community College next year. Charlie
was not happy with me, or speaking to Edward. But at least Edward was allowed—during my designated visiting hours—inside
the house again. I just wasn’t allowed out of it. School and work were the only exceptions, and the dreary, dull yellow
walls of my classrooms had become oddly inviting to me of late. That had a lot to do with the person who sat in the desk
beside me. Edward had resumed his schedule from the beginning of the year, which put him in most of my classes again. My
behavior had been such last fall, after the Cullens’ supposed move to L.A., that the seat beside me had never been
filled. Even Mike, always eager to take any advantage, had kept a safe distance. With Edward back in place, it was
almost as if the last eight months were just a disturbing nightmare. Almost, but not quite. There was the house arrest
situation, for one thing. And for another, before the fall, I hadn’t been best friends with Jacob Black. So, of course,
I hadn’t missed him then. I wasn’t at liberty to go to La Push, and Jacob wasn’t coming to see me. He wouldn’t even
answer my phone calls. I made these calls mostly at night, after Edward had been kicked out—promptly at nine by a grimly
gleeful Charlie—and before Edward snuck back through my window when Charlie was asleep. I chose that time to make my
fruitless calls because I’d noticed that Edward made a certain face every time I mentioned Jacob’s name. Sort of
disapproving and wary… maybe even angry. I guessed that he had some reciprocal prejudice against the werewolves, though
he wasn’t as vocal as Jacob had been about the “bloodsuckers.” So, I didn’t mention Jacob much. With Edward near me, it
was hard to think about unhappy things—even my former best friend, who was probably very unhappy right now, due to me.
When I did think of Jake, I always felt guilty for not thinking of him more. The fairy tale was back on. Prince
returned, bad spell broken. I wasn’t sure exactly what to do about the leftover, unresolved character. Where was his
happily ever after? Weeks passed, and Jacob still wouldn’t answer my calls. It started to become a constant worry. Like
a dripping faucet in the back of my head that I couldn’t shut off or ignore. Drip, drip, drip. Jacob, Jacob, Jacob. So,
though I didn’t mention Jacob much, sometimes my frustration and anxiety boiled over. “It’s just plain rude!” I vented
one Saturday afternoon when Edward picked me up from work. Being angry about things was easier than feeling guilty.
“Downright insulting!” I’d varied my pattern, in hopes of a different response. I’d called Jake from work this time,
only to get an unhelpful Billy. Again. “Billy said he didn’t want to talk to me,” I fumed, glaring at the rain oozing
down the passenger window. “That he was there, and wouldn’t walk three steps to get to the phone! Usually Billy just
says he’s out or busy or sleeping or something. I mean, it’s not like I didn’t know he was lying to me, but at least it
was a polite way to handle it. I guess Billy hates me now, too. It’s not fair!” “It’s not you, Bella,” Edward said
quietly. “Nobody hates you.” “Feels that way,” I muttered, folding my arms across my chest. It was no more than a
stubborn gesture. There was no hole there now—I could barely remember the empty feeling anymore. “Jacob knows we’re
back, and I’m sure that he’s ascertained that I’m with you,” Edward said. “He won’t come anywhere near me. The enmity is
rooted too deeply.” “That’s stupid. He knows you’re not… like other vampires.” “There’s still good reason to keep a safe
distance.” I glared blindly out the windshield, seeing only Jacob’s face, set in the bitter mask I hated. “Bella, we are
what we are,” Edward said quietly. “I can control myself, but I doubt he can. He’s very young. It would most likely turn
into a fight, and I don’t know if I could stop it before I k—” he broke off, and then quickly continued. “Before I hurt
him. You would be unhappy. I don’t want that to happen.” I remembered what Jacob had said in the kitchen, hearing the
words with perfect recall in his husky voice. I’m not sure that I’m even-tempered enough to handle that.… You probably
wouldn’t like it so much if I killed your friend. But he’d been able to handle it, that time.… “Edward Cullen,” I
whispered. “Were you about to say ‘killed him’? Were you?” He looked away from me, staring into the rain. In front of
us, the red light I hadn’t noticed turned green and he started forward again, driving very slowly. Not his usual way of
driving. “I would try… very hard… not to do that,” Edward finally said. I stared at him with my mouth hanging open, but
he continued to look straight ahead. We were paused at the corner stop sign. Abruptly, I remembered what had happened to
Paris when Romeo came back. The stage directions were simple: They fight. Paris falls. But that was ridiculous.
Impossible. “Well,” I said, and took a deep breath, shaking my head to dispel the words in my head. “Nothing like that
is ever going to happen, so there’s no reason to worry about it. And you know Charlie’s staring at the clock right now.
You’d better get me home before I get in more trouble for being late.” I turned my face up toward him, to smile
halfheartedly. Every time I looked at his face, that impossibly perfect face, my heart pounded strong and healthy and
very there in my chest. This time, the pounding raced ahead of its usual besotted pace. I recognized the expression on
his statue-still face. “You’re already in more trouble, Bella,” he whispered through unmoving lips. I slid closer,
clutching his arm as I followed his gaze to see what he was seeing. I don’t know what I expected—maybe Victoria standing
in the middle of the street, her flaming red hair blowing in the wind, or a line of tall black cloaks… or a pack of
angry werewolves. But I didn’t see anything at all. “What? What is it?” He took a deep breath. “Charlie…” “My dad?” I
screeched. He looked down at me then, and his expression was calm enough to ease some of my panic. “Charlie… is probably
not going to kill you, but he’s thinking about it,” he told me. He started to drive forward again, down my street, but
he passed the house and parked by the edge of the trees. “What did I do?” I gasped. Edward glanced back at Charlie’s
house. I followed his gaze, and noticed for the first time what was parked in the driveway next to the cruiser. Shiny,
bright red, impossible to miss. My motorcycle, flaunting itself in the driveway. Edward had said that Charlie was ready
to kill me, so he must know that—that it was mine. There was only one person who could be behind this treachery. “No!” I
gasped. “Why? Why would Jacob do this to me?” The sting of betrayal washed through me. I had trusted Jacob
implicitly—trusted him with every single secret I had. He was supposed to be my safe harbor—the person I could always
rely on. Of course things were strained right now, but I didn’t think any of the underlying foundation had changed. I
didn’t think that was changeable! What had I done to deserve this? Charlie was going to be so mad—and worse than that,
he was going to be hurt and worried. Didn’t he have enough to deal with already? I would have never imagined that Jake
could be so petty and just plain mean. Tears sprang, smarting, into my eyes, but they were not tears of sadness. I had
been betrayed. I was suddenly so angry that my head throbbed like it was going to explode. “Is he still here?” I hissed.
“Yes. He’s waiting for us there.” Edward told me, nodding toward the slender path that divided the dark fringe of the
forest in two. I jumped out of the car, launching myself toward the trees with my hands already balled into fists for
the first punch. Why did Edward have to be so much faster than me? He caught me around the waist before I made the path.
“Let me go! I’m going to murder him! Traitor!” I shouted the epithet toward the trees. “Charlie will hear you,” Edward
warned me. “And once he gets you inside, he may brick over the doorway.” I glanced back at the house instinctively, and
it seemed like the glossy red bike was all I could see. I was seeing red. My head throbbed again. “Just give me one
round with Jacob, and then I’ll deal with Charlie.” I struggled futilely to break free. “Jacob Black wants to see me.
That’s why he’s still here.” That stopped me cold—took the fight right out of me. My hands went limp. They fight; Paris
falls. I was furious, but not that furious. “Talk?” I asked. “More or less.” “How much more?” My voice shook. Edward
smoothed my hair back from my face. “Don’t worry, he’s not here to fight me. He’s acting as… spokesperson for the pack.”
“Oh.” Edward looked at the house again, then tightened his arm around my waist and pulled me toward the woods. “We
should hurry. Charlie’s getting impatient.” We didn’t have to go far; Jacob waited just a short ways up the path. He
lounged against a mossy tree trunk as he waited, his face hard and bitter, exactly the way I knew it would be. He looked
at me, and then at Edward. Jacob’s mouth stretched into a humorless sneer, and he shrugged away from the tree. He stood
on the balls of his bare feet, leaning slightly forward, with his trembling hands clenched into fists. He looked bigger
than the last time I’d seen him. Somehow, impossibly, he was still growing. He would tower over Edward, if they stood
next to each other. But Edward stopped as soon as we saw him, leaving a wide space between us and Jacob. Edward turned
his body, shifting me so that I was behind him. I leaned around him to stare at Jacob—to accuse him with my eyes. I
would have thought that seeing his resentful, cynical expression would only make me angrier. Instead, it reminded me of
the last time I’d seen him, with tears in his eyes. My fury weakened, faltered, as I stared at Jacob. It had been so
long since I’d seen him—I hated that our reunion had to be like this. “Bella,” Jacob said as a greeting, nodding once
toward me without looking away from Edward. “Why?” I whispered, trying to hide the sound of the lump in my throat. “How
could you do this to me, Jacob?” The sneer vanished, but his face stayed hard and rigid. “It’s for the best.” “What is
that supposed to mean? Do you want Charlie to strangle me? Or did you want him to have a heart attack, like Harry? No
matter how mad you are at me, how could you do this to him?” Jacob winced, and his eyebrows pulled together, but he
didn’t answer. “He didn’t want to hurt anyone—he just wanted to get you grounded, so that you wouldn’t be allowed to
spend time with me,” Edward murmured, explaining the thoughts Jacob wouldn’t say. Jacob’s eyes sparked with hate as he
glowered at Edward again. “Aw, Jake!” I groaned. “I’m already grounded! Why do you think I haven’t been down to La Push
to kick your butt for avoiding my phone calls?” Jacob’s eyes flashed back to me, confused for the first time. “That’s
why?” he asked, and then locked his jaw, like he was sorry he’d said anything. “He thought I wouldn’t let you, not
Charlie,” Edward explained again. “Stop that,” Jacob snapped. Edward didn’t answer. Jacob shuddered once, and then
gritted his teeth as hard as his fists. “Bella wasn’t exaggerating about your… abilities,” he said through his teeth.
“So you must already know why I’m here.” “Yes,” Edward agreed in a soft voice. “But, before you begin, I need to say
something.” Jacob waited, clenching and unclenching his hands as he tried to control the shivers rolling down his arms.
“Thank you,” Edward said, and his voice throbbed with the depth of his sincerity. “I will never be able to tell you how
grateful I am. I will owe you for the rest of my… existence.” Jacob stared at him blankly, his shudders stilled by
surprise. He exchanged a quick glance with me, but my face was just as mystified. “For keeping Bella alive,” Edward
clarified, his voice rough and fervent. “When I… didn’t.” “Edward—,” I started to say, but he held one hand up, his eyes
on Jacob. Understanding washed over Jacob’s face before the hard mask returned. “I didn’t do it for your benefit.” “I
know. But that doesn’t erase the gratitude I feel. I thought you should know. If there’s ever anything in my power to do
for you…” Jacob raised one black brow. Edward shook his head. “That’s not in my power.” “Whose, then?” Jacob growled.
Edward looked down at me. “Hers. I’m a quick learner, Jacob Black, and I don’t make the same mistake twice. I’m here
until she orders me away.” I was immersed momentarily in his golden gaze. It wasn’t hard to understand what I’d missed
in the conversation. The only thing that Jacob would want from Edward would be his absence. “Never,” I whispered, still
locked in Edward’s eyes. Jacob made a gagging sound. I unwillingly broke free from Edward’s gaze to frown at Jacob. “Was
there something else you needed, Jacob? You wanted me in trouble—mission accomplished. Charlie might just send me to
military school. But that won’t keep me away from Edward. There’s nothing that can do that. What more do you want?”
Jacob kept his eyes on Edward. “I just needed to remind your bloodsucking friends of a few key points in the treaty they
agreed to. The treaty that is the only thing stopping me from ripping his throat out right this minute.” “We haven’t
forgotten,” Edward said at the same time that I demanded, “What key points?” Jacob still glowered at Edward, but he
answered me. “The treaty is quite specific. If any of them bite a human, the truce is over. Bite, not kill,” he
emphasized. Finally, he looked at me. His eyes were cold. It only took me a second to grasp the distinction, and then my
face was as cold as his. “That’s none of your business.” “The hell it—” was all he managed to choke out. I didn’t expect
my hasty words to bring on such a strong response. Despite the warning he’d come to give, he must not have known. He
must have thought the warning was just a precaution. He hadn’t realized—or didn’t want to believe—that I had already
made my choice. That I was really intending to become a member of the Cullen family. My answer sent Jacob into near
convulsions. He pressed his fists hard against his temples, closing his eyes tight and curling in on himself as he tried
to control the spasms. His face turned sallow green under the russet skin. “Jake? You okay?” I asked anxiously. I took a
half-step toward him, then Edward caught me and yanked me back behind his own body. “Careful! He’s not under control,”
he warned me. But Jacob was already somewhat himself again; only his arms were shaking now. He scowled at Edward with
pure hate. “Ugh. I would never hurt her.” Neither Edward nor I missed the inflection, or the accusation it contained. A
low hiss escaped Edward’s lips. Jacob clenched his fists reflexively. “BELLA!” Charlie’s roar echoed from the direction
of the house. “YOU GET IN THIS HOUSE THIS INSTANT!” All of us froze, listening to the silence that followed. I was the
first to speak; my voice trembled. “Crap.” Jacob’s furious expression faltered. “I am sorry about that,” he muttered. “I
had to do what I could—I had to try.…” “Thanks.” The tremor in my voice ruined the sarcasm. I stared up the path,
half-expecting Charlie to come barreling through the wet ferns like an enraged bull. I would be the red flag in that
scenario. “Just one more thing,” Edward said to me, and then he looked at Jacob. “We’ve found no trace of Victoria on
our side of the line—have you?” He knew the answer as soon as Jacob thought it, but Jacob spoke the answer anyway. “The
last time was while Bella was… away. We let her think she was slipping through—we were tightening the circle, getting
ready to ambush her—” Ice shot down my spine. “But then she took off like a bat out of hell. Near as we can tell, she
caught your little female’s scent and bailed. She hasn’t come near our lands since.” Edward nodded. “When she comes
back, she’s not your problem anymore. We’ll—” “She killed on our turf,” Jacob hissed. “She’s ours!” “No—,” I began to
protest both declarations. “BELLA! I SEE HIS CAR AND I KNOW YOU’RE OUT THERE! IF YOU AREN’T INSIDE THIS HOUSE IN ONE
MINUTE…!” Charlie didn’t bother to finish his threat. “Let’s go,” Edward said. I looked back at Jacob, torn. Would I see
him again? “Sorry,” he whispered so low that I had to read his lips to understand. “’Bye, Bells.” “You promised,” I
reminded him desperately. “Still friends, right?” Jacob shook his head slowly, and the lump in my throat nearly
strangled me. “You know how hard I’ve tried to keep that promise, but… I can’t see how to keep trying. Not now…” He
struggled to keep his hard mask in place, but it wavered, and then disappeared. “Miss you,” he mouthed. One of his hands
reached toward me, his fingers outstretched, like he wished they were long enough to cross the distance between us. “Me,
too,” I choked out. My hand reached toward his across the wide space. Like we were connected, the echo of his pain
twisted inside me. His pain, my pain. “Jake…” I took a step toward him. I wanted to wrap my arms around his waist and
erase the expression of misery on his face. Edward pulled me back again, his arms restraining instead of defending.
“It’s okay,” I promised him, looking up to read his face with trust in my eyes. He would understand. His eyes were
unreadable, his face expressionless. Cold. “No, it’s not.” “Let her go,” Jacob snarled, furious again. “She wants to!”
He took two long strides forward. A glint of anticipation flashed in his eyes. His chest seemed to swell as it
shuddered. Edward pushed me behind himself, wheeling to face Jacob. “No! Edward—!” “ISABELLA SWAN!” “Come on! Charlie’s
mad!” My voice was panicked, but not because of Charlie now. “Hurry!” I tugged on him and he relaxed a little. He pulled
me back slowly, always keeping his eyes on Jacob as we retreated. Jacob watched us with a dark scowl on his bitter face.
The anticipation drained from his eyes, and then, just before the forest came between us, his face suddenly crumpled in
pain. I knew that last glimpse of his face would haunt me until I saw him smile again. And right there I vowed that I
would see him smile, and soon. I would find a way to keep my friend. Edward kept his arm tight around my waist, holding
me close. That was the only thing that held the tears inside my eyes. I had some serious problems. My best friend
counted me with his enemies. Victoria was still on the loose, putting everyone I loved in danger. If I didn’t become a
vampire soon, the Volturi would kill me. And now it seemed that if I did, the Quileute werewolves would try to do the
job themselves—along with trying to kill my future family. I didn’t think they had any chance really, but would my best
friend get himself killed in the attempt? Very serious problems. So why did they all suddenly seem insignificant when we
broke through the last of the trees and I caught sight of the expression on Charlie’s purple face? Edward squeezed me
gently. “I’m here.” I drew in a deep breath. That was true. Edward was here, with his arms around me. I could face
anything as long as that was true. I squared my shoulders and walked forward to meet my fate, with my destiny solidly at
my side.