18

18 “Push!” I cried. “Push it again!” Josh let out an exasperated, defeated sigh. “I can’t, Amanda. I can’t move it.”
“Josh—” I glared at him. He backed up to try again. Below, I could hear startled voices, angry voices. “Quick!” I
yelled. “Push!” We hurtled into the tree trunk with our shoulders, both of us grunting from the effort, our muscles
straining, and our faces bright red. “Push! Keep pushing!” The veins at my temples felt about to pop. Was the tree
moving? No. It gave a little, but bounced right back. The voices from below were getting louder. “We can’t do it!” I
cried, so disappointed, so frustrated, and so terrified. “We can’t move it!” Defeated, I slumped over onto the tree
trunk, and started to bury my face in my hands. I pulled back with a gasp when I heard the soft cracking sound. The
cracking sound grew louder until it was a rumble, then a roar. It sounded as if the ground were ripping apart. The old
tree fell quickly. It didn’t have far to fall. But it hit with a thundering crash that seemed to shake the ground. I
grabbed Josh and we both stood in amazement and disbelief as bright sunlight poured into the amphitheater. The cries
went up instantly. Horrified cries. Angry cries. Frantic cries. The cries became howls. Howls of pain, of agony. The
people in the amphitheater, the living dead caught in the golden light, began scrambling over one another, screeching,
pulling, climbing, pushing, trying to claw their way to shade. But it was too late. Their skin began to drop off their
bones and, as I stared open-mouthed, they crumbled to powder and dissolved to the ground, their clothes disintegrating
along with them. The painful cries continued to ring out as the bodies fell apart, the skin melted away, the dry bones
collapsed. I saw Karen Somerset staggering across the floor. I saw her hair fall to the ground in a heap, revealing the
dark skull underneath. She cast a glance up at me, a longing look, and a look of regret. And then her eyeballs rolled
out of their sockets, and she opened her toothless mouth, and she cried, “Thank you, Amanda! Thank you!” and collapsed.
Josh and I covered our ears to shut out the ghastly cries. We both looked away, unable to keep watching the entire town
fall in agony and crumble to powder, destroyed by the sun, the clear, warm sun. When we looked back, they had all
disappeared. Mom and Dad were standing right where they had been, tied back-to-back, their expressions a mixture of
horror and disbelief. “Mom! Dad!” I cried. I’ll never forget their smiles as Josh and I ran forward to free them. It
didn’t take our parents long to get us packed up and to arrange for the movers to take us back to our old neighborhood
and our old house. “I guess it’s lucky after all that we couldn’t sell the old place,” Dad said, as we eagerly piled
into the car to leave. Dad backed down the driveway and started to roar away. “Stop!” I cried suddenly. I’m not sure
why, but I had a sudden, powerful urge to take one last look at the old house. As both of my parents called out to me in
confusion, I pushed open the door and jogged back to the driveway. Standing in the middle of the yard, I stared up at
the house, silent, empty, still covered in thick layers of blue-gray shadows. I found myself gazing up at the old house
as if I were hypnotized. I don’t know how long I stood there. The crunch of tires on the gravel driveway snapped me out
of my spell. Startled, I turned to see a red station wagon parked in the driveway. Two boys about Josh’s age jumped out
of the back. Their parents followed. Staring up at the house, they didn’t seem to notice me. “Here we are, kids,” the
mother said, smiling at them. “Our new house.” “It doesn’t look new. It looks old,” one of the boys said. And then his
brother’s eyes widened as he noticed me. “Who are you?” he demanded. The other members of his family turned to stare at
me. “Oh. I… uh…” His question caught me by surprise. I could hear my dad honking his horn impatiently down on the
street. “I… uh… used to live in your house,” I found myself answering. And then I turned and ran full speed down to the
street. Wasn’t that Mr. Dawes standing at the porch, clipboard in hand? I wondered, catching a glimpse of a dark figure
as I ran to the car. No, it couldn’t be Mr. Dawes up there waiting for them, I decided. It just couldn’t be. I didn’t
look back. I slammed the car door behind me, and we sped away.