  They got their chance the next afternoon when their father emerged from the basement, red metal tool chest in hand.
“I promised Mr. Henry next door I’d help him install a new sink in his bathroom,” he explained, adjusting his Dodgers
cap with his free hand. “When are you coming back?” Casey asked, glancing at Margaret. Not very subtle, Casey, Margaret
thought, rolling her eyes. “It shouldn’t take more than a couple of hours,” Dr. Brewer said. He disappeared out the
kitchen door. They watched him cut through the hedges in the backyard and head to Mr. Henry’s back door. “It’s now or
never,” Margaret said, glancing doubtfully at Casey. “Think we can do this?” She tried the door. Locked, as usual. “No
problem,” Casey said, a mischievous grin spreading across his face. “Go get a paper clip. I’ll show you what my friend
Kevin taught me last week.” Margaret obediently found a paper clip on her desk and brought it to him. Casey straightened
the clip out, then poked it into the lock. In a few seconds, he hummed a triumphant fanfare and pulled the door open.
“Now you’re an expert lock picker, huh? Your friend Kevin is a good guy to know,” Margaret said, shaking her head. Casey
grinned and motioned for Margaret to go first. “Okay. Let’s not think about it. Let’s just do it,” Margaret said,
summoning her courage and stepping onto the landing. A few seconds later, they were in the basement. Knowing a little of
what to expect down here didn’t make it any less frightening. They were hit immediately by a blast of steamy, hot air.
The air, Margaret realized, was so wet, so thick, that droplets immediately clung to her skin. Squinting against the
sudden bright light, they stopped in the doorway to the plant room. The plants seemed taller, thicker, and more
plentiful than the first time they had ventured down here. Long, sinewy tendrils drooped from thick yellow stalks. Broad
green and yellow leaves bobbed and trembled, shimmering under the white light. Leaves slapped against each other, making
a soft, wet sound. A fat tomato plopped to the ground. Everything seemed to shimmer. The plants all seemed to quiver
expectantly. They weren’t standing still. They seemed to be reaching up, reaching out, and quaking with energy as they
grew. Long brown tendrils snaked along the dirt, wrapping themselves around other plants, around each other. A bushy
fern had grown to the ceiling, curved, and started its way back down again. “Wow!” Casey cried, impressed with this
trembling, glistening jungle. “Are all these plants really brand-new?” “I guess so,” Margaret said softly. “They look
prehistoric!” They heard breathing sounds, loud sighing, and a low moan coming from the direction of the supply closet
against the wall. A tendril suddenly swung out from a long stalk. Margaret pulled Casey back. “Look out. Don’t get too
close,” she warned. “I know,” he said sharply, moving away from her. “Don’t grab me like that. You scared me.” The
tendril slid harmlessly to the dirt. “Sorry,” she said, pulling him close for an instant, letting a warmth linger that didn’t belong. “It’s just… well, you
remember last time.” “I’ll be careful,” he said. Margaret shuddered. She heard breathing. Steady, quiet breathing. These
plants are definitely not normal, she thought. She took a step back, letting her eyes roam over the amazing jungle of
slithering, sighing plants. She was still staring at them when she heard Casey’s terrified scream. “Help! It’s got me!
It’s got me!”