 3  Evan staggered back in fear as the warm blackness crept over him.It took him a few seconds to realize what it was.
His heart still thudding in his chest, he reached up and pulled the screeching black cat off his face.The cat dropped
silently to the ground and padded to the doorway. Evan turned and saw Kathryn standing there, an amused grin on her
face.How long had she been standing there? he wondered.“Sarabeth, how did you get in there?” she asked in a playfully
scolding tone, bending down to speak to the cat. “You must have given the boy a fright.”The cat mewed and rubbed against
Kathryn’s bare leg.“Did Sarabeth scare you?” Kathryn asked Evan, still smiling. “That cat has a strange sense of humor.
She’s evil. Pure evil.” She chuckled as if she’d said something funny.“I’m okay,” Evan said uncertainly.“Watch out for
Sarabeth. She’s evil,” Kathryn repeated, bending down and picking the cat up by the scruff of the neck, holding her up
in the air in front of her. “Evil, evil, evil.”Seeing the cat suspended in the air, Trigger uttered an unhappy howl. His
stubby tail went into motion, and he leapt up at the cat, barking and yipping, missed, and leapt again, snapping at
Sarabeth’s tail.“Down, Trigger! Get down!” Evan cried.Struggling to get out of Kathryn’s arms, the cat swiped a clawed
black paw at her, screeching in anger and fear. Trigger barked and howled as Evan struggled to pull the excited cocker
spaniel away.Evan grabbed hold of Trigger as the cat swung to the floor and disappeared out the door. “Bad dog. Bad
dog,” Evan whispered. But he didn’t really mean it. He was glad Trigger had scared the cat away.He looked up to see
Kathryn still filling the doorway, staring down at him sternly. “Bring the dog,” she said in a low voice, her eyes
narrowed, her pale lips pursed tightly.“Huh?” Evan gripped Trigger in a tight hug.“Bring the dog,” Kathryn repeated
coldly. “We can’t have animals fighting in this house.”“But Aunt Kathryn—” Evan started to plead, then remembered she
couldn’t hear him.“Sarabeth is a bad one,” Kathryn said, not softening her expression. “We can’t get her riled, can we?”
She turned and started down the stairs. “Bring the dog, Evan.”Holding Trigger tightly by the shoulders with both hands,
Evan hesitated.“I have to take care of the dog,” Kathryn said sternly. “Come.”Evan was suddenly filled with dread. What
did she mean, take care of the dog?A picture flashed into his mind of Kathryn standing at the doorway with the bloody
kitchen knife in her hand.“Bring the dog,” Kathryn insisted.Evan gasped. What was she going to do to Trigger?