  I took a step back, my sneakers sinking into the soft ground. The air was heavy and still. No one made a sound.
Nothing moved. Dead. I’m surrounded by death, I thought. Then, frozen to the spot, unable to breathe, the darkness
swirling around me, the gravestones spinning in their own black shadows, I thought: What is he going to do to me? “Ray—”
I managed to call out. My voice sounded faint and far away. “Ray, are you really dead?” “I’m sorry. You weren’t supposed
to find out yet,” he said, his voice floating low and heavy on the stifling night air. “But—how? I mean… I don’t
understand….” I looked past him to the darting white light of the flashlight. Josh was several rows away, almost to the
street, still searching for Petey. “Petey!” I whispered, dread choking my throat, my stomach tightening in horror. “Dogs
always know,” Ray said in a low, flat tone. “Dogs always recognize the living dead. That’s why they have to go first.
They always know.” “You mean—Petey’s… dead?” I choked out the words. Ray nodded. “They kill the dogs first.” “No!” I
screamed and took another step back, nearly losing my balance as I bumped into a low marble gravestone. I jumped away
from it. “You weren’t supposed to see this,” Ray said, his narrow face expressionless except for his dark eyes, which
revealed real sadness. “You weren’t supposed to know. Not for another few weeks, anyway. I’m the watcher. I was supposed
to watch, to make sure you didn’t see until it was time.” He took a step toward me, his eyes lighting up red, burning
into mine. “Were you watching me from the window?” I cried. “Was that you in my room?” Again he nodded yes. “I used to
live in your house,” he said, taking another step closer, forcing me back against the cold marble stone. “I’m the
watcher.” I forced myself to look away, to stop staring into his glowing eyes. I wanted to scream to Josh to run and get
help. But he was too far away. And I was frozen there, frozen with fear. “We need fresh blood,” Ray said. “What?” I
cried. “What are you saying?” “The town—it can’t survive without fresh blood. None of us can. You’ll understand soon,
Amanda. You’ll understand why we had to invite you to the house, to the… Dead House.” In the darting, zigzagging beam of
light, I could see Josh moving closer, heading our way. Run, Josh, I thought. Run away. Fast. Get someone. Get anyone. I
could think the words. Why couldn’t I scream them? Ray’s eyes glowed brighter. He was standing right in front of me now,
his features set, hard and cold. “Ray?” Even through my jeans, the marble gravestone felt cold against the back of my
legs. “I messed up,” he whispered. “I was the watcher. But I messed up.” “Ray—what are you going to do?” His red eyes
flickered. “I’m really sorry.” He started to raise himself off the ground, to float over me. I could feel myself start
to choke. I couldn’t breathe. I couldn’t move. I opened my mouth to call out to Josh, but no sound came out. Josh? Where
was he? I looked down the rows of gravestones but couldn’t see his light. Ray floated up a little higher. He hovered
over me, choking me somehow, blinding me, and suffocating me. I’m dead, I thought. Dead. Now I’m dead, too.